KS-CustFeedBack-AddSentenceOnOutgoingTrsfToExplainThatDoNotRelockDomain (#3848)
ovh/docs: pages/web/domains/transfer_outgoing_domain/guide.en-us.md

>
> If the domain name has been suspended or expired, you will need to [create a support ticket](https://ca.ovh.com/manager/dedicated/#/support/tickets/new) from your OVHcloud Control Panel.

> Once the transfer code has been retrieved, **do not relock your domain unless you no longer wish to transfer it**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the transfer code has been retrieved, **do not lock your domain again unless you no longer wish to transfer it**.
```
